I get, I see participants coming in. I would give another five minutes to wait until yeah. Until a couple of other people can join. 
And then we're gonna kick it off. Good, then let's start already ahead. And yeah, I'm happy to welcome you all to the live demo of Mambu. 
Today's agenda and host is going to be myself on the introductory end. My name is Jen. I'm a part of Mambu for around four years, running the dach market on a commercial end. 
And today's session, as yeah, the headline is already telling us is going to be a live demo. So Valeri, our solution engineer, will run the main part of today's presentation and we'll be able to also cover here some technical questions on this end. Hello, hello. 
Perfect. So the Q&A we can keep for the last five to 10 minutes, but feel free to already share your questions that you have in the chat, so you're going to see that down below, a Q&A tab. So whatever question pops up in your mind, feel free to already answer them and we can cover them ideally at the end of today's presentation. 
So let's already directly kickstart this one on the Mamu end. Yeah, I would like to start with, of course, our car philosophy and some general stats around Mambu. So at Mambu, we are looking here at a global company, right, a global car banking full cloud-based company. 
So we are running mambu in around 65 juristic.dictions with over 260 plus customers and are reaching over 200 million end users over the platform, right? So this has been, yeah, this has been running since 14 plus years. And meanwhile, we can can call us the number one cloud car banking provider globally, right? 
We are very proud of that. And of course, one of the big reasons for these kind of stats are our customers, right? And leading customers on a very innovative end. 
So we are happy we are happy to be still still in this very hyper-growth stage because the Cloud C banking market is apparently seeing a massive growth, right, from not only a Fintex animal also going to us the trad traditional banks. So the whole ecosystem mindset is changing towards this cloth-based banking infrastructure, which also makes us very happy here and being in the market of over 260 live clients shows basically also the yeah, the success of the story. So we're running mumbos in around 65 jurisdictions. 
This should give you also the understanding of the scalability of the platform, right? That with such a coil infrastructure, you're able to scale massively, also cross global, depending on your use case and jurisdiction. So we are utilizing here all the single fields of of the cloud infrastructureure. 
So looking at our client-based, as I already said before, it's not only Fintex, we're seeing a lot of traditional banks coming into the game as well. So looking overall at our platform, we are a very composable platform, right? Therefore, we can fulfill different use cases. 
So looking at banks, new banks, Vintex, landers, yeah, FI on non-FI, the product range is quite broad, right? And as you can already see, on the left side, you have the traditional banks such as the ABI& Amuro, RIFa in Digital Bank, out of my jurisdictions in the DA next to, yeah, the leading digital banking providers such as N26. We own Timebanker. 
So that is basically underlining also the flexibility of the platform to be able to look also on different use cases. So I think here by, I would like to underline also a lot if you are joining from a banking site, it doesn't mean that we're looking at a car banking migration per se, right in a big bank approach. We are going to composable way, which also which means that we can build step by step into the infrructastructure. 
And I think that's the whole idea at the end of the day to have this flexibility on your infrastructure and Mambu's platform is ideally to, yeah, cover these kind of used cases. But Larry will show you even more in the next couple of minutes on how exactly this will look like and how far we can differentiate us from some more traditional things in the market. So let me quickly talk about on a very high-level note here on the technical land, right, and what makes mumbos so specific and so special. 
It's the cloud nativeness, the age API first approach, right? So whatever you see on our platform is fully API enabled, right? So the fields, the product that you will see at the end of the day and is leveraging base basically the cloud infrastructure here. 
Due to this fact, we are also able to offer a full SAS solution, right? So why? Because all of our60 plus clients are running basically on one version of mambo that is continuously getting updated, right? 
So therefore, we can we're going away from a very traditional way of doing cloud core infrastructure into the modern way of having one source solution, you have very transparent pricing, you have a very transparent product, and it's getting continuously updated and on the next level, right? And with this approach, we are driving very, very strong, with this approach, we are seeing also the future of banking changing. And yeah, happy to be able to offer this on the end. 
Other than that, Mambo is a very zero code configuration-based platform, so we have over 30,000 product configrations on the platform, so hopefully one of them will also be able to fulfill one of your case cases. And the last point is we're seeing us as a sharp product focus market, right? So it means we are only focusing on the cost site, we're focusing on the depos and landing modules and payments parts. 
And this is basically our c core infrastructure. restaurant is the ecosystem play because we see best in-class solutions out in the upstream and downstream components, yeah. But again, I'm referring back to Valeria. He will be able to show this even in more detail soon. 
Yeah, so time good reasons, I'm not going to run through all the good reasons I've given maybe everyone else the time to look at it, but overall, it's about being the cost effective growth, right? So we're betting on an economic scale here, we are able to offer a first size product, cloud product, a very effective solution to the market, right? That can reduce cost, but also increase your scalability efforts, right? 
So overall, this is also basically one of the underlining positive sites here of of aAS infrastructure airport, So you see that also, this is also closely covered to the innovation part of things, right? Because being able to have a fully API-based platform in the back end, you're able to launch also very fast products into the market, right? So you go to market extremely fast compared to a car compared to usual car systems, right? 
And therefore, you are also able to scale extremely fast into the market, huh? And a couple of logos on the side with C24, which as a client also out of my market here has just got announced the best deposit product in Germany, so they won the price. So we were of course, very, very happy and proud to be able to support these kind of references in the market. 
So the last slide from my end, before I hand over to Valerio, it's about a little bit about what I already touched based before, right, where we're seeing ourselves as mambu with the trademark basically of the terminology of composable, which basically, as the name already says, is a really a flexible platform where you don't have any vander lock-in, right? So you can choose best in class platforms in the ecosystem place into your target infrastructure, and be able to really provide and build the picture that you're looking for, right? However, looking at a lot of other vendors into the market and this is not the conversion here, but the history changed from a monolical solution where you built and buy basically everything from this one vendor, you go through the Big Bang approach, and then you have years of years's migration time and then maybe it's not really working out. 
We shifted completely towards the site of composability, right? So you're going to build it basically brick by brick that's the Mambo approachach and that's also the approach that Vri will now underline with the next light. So in the meantime, if you have any questions again, feel free to shoot it out and and text them into the Q&A jet bot, you're going to take that over in the last 10 minutes, yeah. 
Vale? Yeah, sir, thank you. Thank So good morning, good evening, everybody. 
I'm Valeria. I'm the solution engineering team. I'm based in South Europe in Madrid, cove mainly the South Europe Market. 
So I'm going to explain a little bit this mamambbus light and then we enter in directly in the demo of the platform. So this is the hours light that Rumin oncelide the project product. So we have basically, we call this the Amamburges Lide, because this looks like it's an Namburger and will show that our capability. 
So basically Mambes four main engine. So we have the landing, the deposited, the hysterical one, that allowed to configure different type of landing and deposit product. Then coming from the acquisition of numerals, now called mambu payments, we also have the capability to connect to different payment scheme for the moment in Europe, but we also plan to expand to worldwide to different schemes. 
So right now we are covering SEPA Swift with direct and direct participation. Then the last engine that we were working into it is the Islamic banking that we launch officially a couple of weeks ago, and they are able to cover this specific type of product. LUC below this foreign is all the support services event system, so show that we have a sub ledger, so Amboo is not keeping the contability of the company, but is able to keep the accountability of the accounting of the product in mamboo. 
That is something that differentiate us from some competitor. And then we have all the type of communications. Samboo is happy first. 
So basically everything can be done to FPI. We also save a UI that we are going to see soon. And we are also able to, of course, send up psych communication with the streaming API or webbook. 
As you can see, follow with the composable banking philosophy, Mu is doing the core banking part of the bank, so it's easy to implement, iss happy first, is configuration. But then, of course, you need to compose your bank, so you can see you need to be connector that are up below above mamboon, not to build the structor of the bank. So you can, if you need to connect if a car processor, you is easy to connect with have rebuilt connection with some players. 
Plas party related to the environment, so we are only us, we are able to deploy in the three main SASA environment. So Amazon will serviceervice, Google Cloud, aur, and we have two a couple of options for the customer. We can build a dedicated environment, or we also also have the capability to a share environment with other client, but of course, with all the data separated between each client. 
Now we enter in the demo, so we will go get to show some basic medicration to the Y, so I'm going to share my stream. Okay, let me reduce this. So I'm going into the demo. 
This is a sandbox environmentment, so it's basically my sandbox. I'm ministrator, so basically I can do everything in this environment, but Mambu allowed to create a different user with different permions.. So it's something that is also customizable. 
This is the dashboard when you enter in the dashboard, you can see the latest activity in the platform, you see the task, if you want to manage some task in Simon Boo, and you can add or complete task. You can also see your favorite view, so you can say your favorite views, for, for example, say be active client and got to see a the active client that. At the same time, a year I have some mainly theators, so I can see my active client, my total deposit, so we some indicator and it's possible to define which indicator I want to see in this screen. 
All the things that we are going to see right now through UI are is possible to do through API. So it's basically the same, including there are action that are all available to API. For example, the car transaction, there is not possible to do throughI, so but we have API to connect the caramelon system with the autorization with mambu. 
Mambo has to two level of navigation. We have a first level with the main command. We have mambo offerered the possibility to create different branches. case create several ones, so it's a possibility that we offer to create branch. 
We also offer the possibility to create a center below the branch. We have we are a couple of buttons that one, allow to create client, group of client that usually use for companies of shared account and allow to create accounts. So learn a deposit account or create user for the platform. 
A view, where it is possible to create a different views. So for example, just a very quick example, if I want to create a specific view view where seeing all the customers that have been born after 2000, I created my view. and I see all my customers with the view they created. Each time there is this type of view, it's possible for to add of remove columns. 
So it's very easy. For example, here I want to remove credit officers and I want to review add beer date just to check that the filter works. fine. And here we can see the word date. 
So it's possible to customize the view for client and those of for product. Here is the search bar, so for example, it's possible to search by different components, so clients, products, users, I present for if I want to search for a client, see search in, I can easily research and they open the the page of the client. Here are the task, so the task that are pending or need to be done, here is where I can control the profile of the user, my profile, and create my view. 
And well, this is the first line. Then we have the second line, so the second line is possible to customize some part of this navigation, so we are going to see you later. And we see the main components of mamo. 
So you can see the client view, it can create different filter under the client, or I can see all the client that platform. They say same for the groups, and the same for the products. If you want to see all the low ones that I have created in my account, I can see all the products that have have been created. 
And of course, this these views is possible to be customized. We can see also all the activities, all the things that have been done in the platform, with the users, so we get the track tracking, everything has been done in the platform. We can see the branches, the products, manuafers also are part in part where it's possible to create some report to control the products. 
And we have also the accounting part so where we can create g accounts. So for the for the counting of the produce, so you can create gel account, create a liability, put income. And every time there is a transactaction link transactional transaction on the product, you directly will put in this gel account, the transaction for the accounting in order to keep the accountability of the product. 
You can see also some all the journal entry. So, for example, let's just check in. They can see all my journal entry that happen in my platform. 
If I go to a ministration, aministration is where I set up my environment, my product, my configuration, I will show the mainly things that it's possible to do, but consider that it's just a small view of all the possibility that Mamu offer. So under the general setup, you can set up the working day, you can set up also the holidays. So it's possible to set up these part of things in order to calculate the interest if you use some interest calculation based on working day, you can create a different client type. 
So in this case, I create tennis player, for Morona pilot, just, for example, but you can usually think that employee type, that type of client that usually have different type of rules inside subset of client with different type of product or rules rules. financial set up, with the currency platform. So every environment as a currency that is, the main one. So in this case, my platform is ibro is the main currency, but I can create different type of different type of currency included the points and included some light management of triptom. 
Then I can select my exchange rate, so I can set the exchange rate between ao and the Eo and the other currency. And of course, this exchange rate can be easily updated through APL. I can also set different transaction channel for my transaction, so I can have a channel, I can create a bank transf so I can set different transaction channel and with different rules of information linked to the transaction channel. 
M of Kur ran every end of the processing for the calculation of the all day interest. So there this process can be automatic. So at the end of the day, the's automatic calculation of interesting accrual interest. 
And what can be also mamual. Legariation, mano to create branches and sub branches that we call center, so here we can see it can create a different branch in my tenant. The product is where I see all the product that are available in my environment. 
So in this case, there are two laws and deposit. Here is where I can define the characteristic of my product. And then when when I open an account link to a product to a client, so the client open the account, that take the characteristic of the product that I set up here. 
We're going to see in three minus as a tap product. Another functionality that is very used for our customers are the custom fields. So mamamboo, a lot to create custom fields for the different component that we have. 
So under the client, I can create custom feeling, for example, for the deposit account. I can create custom F. in this case, I create, for example, pos account, I want to save this information linked to a deposit product and source of found information that they want to save it. important things that this custom fields are also available to API, and we have different type of fielders can be used. In this case, I use a list of bellway, but you can use pretext number and different configuration. 
This is very important because each customer has different needs of storering information in mamboo that probably need to be linked to a st platform. So this is very important because a lot to create this custom feel. This need a link to the need of each customer. 
The view, you can see, is the view that we have here, so it's possible to customize these view, so I can present you at a new view if you want to see the communication, that they've signed out, I can select the air communication. And you can see a new custom level of a new part of the navigation and they can see all the communication that I've sent out. from my platform. Y Vo Solo to send out SMS if you have a gateway or C mail, the important thing is webbooks. 
So we have several elements that trigger webbooks. So it's the important field to notify at Samamboo or we also offer a streaming GPI. This is more or less the veryI level view of the administration, the course, there are several things that are possible to do. 
So if you interested in our platum, we are ready to entering more the T. I'm going now to create a new product. So in this case, I mean, I can also copy ex existing product or I can create a new one. So I'm going to create a long product in this case and define the name of a product. 
So I can define the name and. The category is mainly available. So and the prototype is exactly the selection that define the characteristic of the product. 
So we have different type of product with different rules. So we can offer a fix externone, this dynamic term alone, interest loan, revolving credit. So I select dynamic term alone for this case, I marked that this product is active, so it's possible to to be possible to open account on this product, then we have a possibility to put a quick description, can select the avability of the the product. 
So in this case, I can select only client for all the branches. I select here the new account secting, so the AD of the new accounts. So can random, but they can also put an incremental number. 
The currency of the product, I keep Iro for the moment, when I can start to define the loan amount. So, for example, I want to defined that this is between 1,000 and 20,000. And I can also have the possibility to put the low andreate arrangement. 
So if you want to calculate it, basically the create the limit of the customer, you can link the loan product under this great arrangement, so you can basically give the possibility of the customers to have loan is if there is credit limit ability. Here is where I can select the interest rate. As you can see a different option, here to select things. 
I can select the ground im balance, equal installment. Now I'm going to try to go fast, actually select pol installment, can select the impro type of interest. I can select where the interest rate when are charge. 
It is important. I can select fixed interest rate or I can also index the interest to an index that the fund in the administration. So in this case, I can, for example, person that in this case they put a BCA, but I can create an index and they can update this index toPI. 
I select fix for the developant and they can define this between 2 and 6%. This means that when I will open an account, this will be between I canate an interest rate, between 2 and6. I can select the other days in a year year the repayment schedule, so it can also select the number of installment. 
So I can select between three and 26. I can see, there is a lot of possibility of configure different products, I can selectia that repres repayment are made every one month. I can select offset, I canate grace period. 
I can select the type of repayment collection now I left there the standard conciguration, but you can see I can select theoriontal vertical location. I can asset set prepayment payment, you can select the order. I que se de ar Reyas, so I can give in case of missing payment between a product le between three and six I can also give an arases on on the principal, against penalty in case of no payment. 
So I can sell at penalty, I put no for the moment. I can set at some internal control. I can select some of fee so I can basically have the fee. 
I have different type of feed that I can put here. For example, in put later paying fee. of three euro, for example, I can link the product to another deposit product so I can basically charge my installment in the deposit product. We have a lot of other type of configuration. 
I can select a also to apply tax to interest fio pronulting. And then last part that you can also define a old EGL account where to put the journal entry so I can the final oral type of transaction or which GL account will be targeted. And for the moment I put on. 
So again can save my product. So I see the product here land demos 6ust. So now he's already active and let's go to clients. 
So let's take, for example, that is crazy. for a new client. And for example, I want to now open a loan account to under this client, can select here the my demo, six Augusta demo, can select the loan amount. So as you can see, is between $1,000 and 20,000 so I can select 2,000. 
I can say select the interest rate, 3%. I can select the number of installments. So for example, let's see, 24, and they can the final realmas period. 
I can select here this enchallment. I can this bushment to see to them out to do a repayment and the first repayment, I will put the two off. Here is in parted that you came preview, so you can basically see the plan of the of the loans. 
So in this case, you can see it's a qu installment, so every month is the same amount, depends principal that the customer has to page more, the interest, the event to leave, there are some people. fields that you custom field. yad. So for example, for a year, the purpose of the loan was at this field for all the product. So it's something that I want to buy a amount of. 
I can create the account. So now the count is created, is pending approval, so I can basically manage this product, so a possibility to reject if there want to create a level of approval, the customer can decide, so withdraw, that doesn't want this product, or in this case, I can approve, change the state, it now is approved. I can disburse so I can finally give to the customer the money So the back date, so the first dispose was the the two of June and the first repayment, the two of July. 
You reckon select different channels for the disburs. Let'sume them for a moment cash. And you can see the the product is led. 
So it's created. You can see the statue right now is in a Reyas because we are a missing payment. It's important that we can see the schedule of the product, so we can see that we have a later repayment here with the fee that has been calculated to the later payment. 
And they me send you in this speech. I want to simulate an now and a repayment, so let's assume that the calcul customer paid in time, so let assume that I empered a repayment. It was due date on the 2 July. 
I removed here the three-y of fee because time. So apply the repayment. And as you can see now, the first installment was paid in time, so it's put paid. 
If I go to the details, I see now that the total balance is a total due, so it's spending the second installment. I have two days of delay, but as I said, in areas period, I'm still not in areas. I can also simulate the second repayments. 
So for example, let' assume the customer Ronaldo pay 100 euro today, so I can apply this repayment. If I go to the schedule, I see that I pay my last installment. And I also partially pay the next one because I pay more that was needed. 
In the transaction view, you can see all the transaction, so the dispursement, the interest apply, the repayment entered, so you can see all the transactionaction. And here, we can check the communication. I was set in Sanwaybook for this product, so I can see my sense send out Sam a book. 
Let me see if you receive years, if I can refresh. Okay, no. It's not right, but it's f web, but you can see I can select also the message, you know? 
Congratations. I, your account has been approved, so I can customize this part. I can also, let's assume right now I want to create, for example, a deposit product. 
So for example, I use already a deposit already created. So peradicur accounts, here I can also give an interest spread to this product. So I want to give a 1%. 
I can set the maximum withdrawal amount. So in this guys is 5,000. Here we have the purposes to count, the cost of that created, here if failing the card, so I can store the token of the card in order to all the connection and they can create a deposit account. 
Here is also the deposit is spending approval, so I can approve. and they also makeambric a deposit here, so I can select one another year, I can make a deposit, and they will see at May account, with the deposit, with the interest rate, and we can see also year the transaction. Also the commonicication here, the webbook has been sent, so create a deposit, so you can see also can create this kind of communication. More or less, this is N view of the platform, it's important to remember that basically it's very easy to configure product. 
So it's, as you can see, in two three minutes, passing through some bar very fast, but in five, ten minutes, I configure, I have config a product and now I can open, well, my account and the this product. So in the administration is where Resident mamu, you can configure, we accept the offer the possibility to configure as a code so configure through API. And I think more or less, this is the re review. 
So I don't know, we can check now if there are any questions that we can answer right now, but we are happy to also enter into the tail if you want to know more about Mambu. Last thing before checking with our question, we have a lot of public information. So we have a user guide, so support mambu.com, so where you can basically see all the functional possibility mambu. 
So, for example, forlorn, explain all the inter typeyp that you can configure, rememberoo, have to set up a product, have a different possibility that you can do with our platform. And we also for the PI public information, soPI.mamboo.com. You can also see all the PI that we canR exposes and you can see, for example, that's very one very simple, how to create a client. 
Yeah, there's all the information that you can use to a battery day of our platform. I can can stop to share and we can see that I need one day. I don't see any question. 
Let's wait a couple of minutes if somebody want to ask something. I come back one second in the meantime Another important thing that you can also do is embedd the apps and say, mambo, if you want to enrich the dashboard so you can embedd it up in the platform. I think we see all the main screenings, on the financial setup, it's possible to set you can see a rate. 
So we saw the BCM rate, so I can set specific index. I want to link my product. So every board, we call the index that you want to link some product. 
And they can also set with the link tax. If I want to apply directly link tax to the interest that are participulated, so I can basically retain from the customer in tax that is typically this is Europe. Well, I see the terno San Ce So I could please show Penalty settings in the tails? 
Well, I don't think we' ever time to show the penactive options that we have. If you can reach at the call, we can probably set a session and see all the penalty penalty that can be set so we can show we have different type of anal in case of in case of missing payment. So we can show which option we can offer for this part. 
Second question, the plateau is all in English. There are other languages. No as possible to use different languages for the platform. 
You can select, I don't know exactly how many languages we are. You can select Spanish, Italian and German. I think we have several options to offer the wine in the languages. 
Hello, thank you for the representation. How long it takes for you to get approval in the country if you're not there yet, on average. I don'ti, you want to take this, if you know the answer or you need to probably check with the legal. 
Yeah, that's that's a legal matter, as I already showed. We are hosting 65 jurisdictions, so it depends on which open countries you're discussing, right? And on the data residency in laws. 
But yeah, this is a more detailed question about which country and what potential data hosting would be. But as I said before, 65 countries is already what we are offering in. So, yeah. 
Does one have implementation in the African market, particularly in the East African market, as far I know, yes, we have some couple of country where we have presents. We need to check exactly the country and also with the salespople in the region and the leg team, if you can to check exactly the country and see if we can offer the product. But we have already present in some country in Africa. 
Have you been able to integrate any capability into the platform to support the user, and they assume that the platum can also be restricted by user, so they only see what they can use. So there are people that we are working in our capability. There are teams that are working to win integrate a eye capability in the platform. 
It's still working products, but we are working on this part. And yes, the platform can be restricted by user. So you can basically create use with different customization. 
So you can allow to see only some parts, some products, some branch, so it's all the plat, high level of high level of customization. So based on the need, you can create user with different possibility to act and to view also. Where can we see the priceing plans? 
I see I think this you need to reach out your. Well, we can reach out to us at the end of the call or the sales attempt of the region. And because suppose check no better than me, but the sales depend on the use cases the number, so we cannot share publicly. 
So the price need to be built based on your use cases need, you want to dedicate or share instances, that are components that impact. Yeah. A lot of details that we need to consider them. 
But that's more a detailed discussion on this. So I see another question here, Lionelle. Do you support private banking wealth management features, CG Complex Operation Booking, portfoliage Indicators Company? 
Yeah. We do with our partner. We also announced that in launch that partnership quite recent, like a month ago, plus a month ago, right? 
With a light frame, we are able to offer now also basically the full-fledged core infrastructure for wealth managers, private banking and with all the portfol management components that you're referring to. So if that's interesting for you, feel free to get in touch direct with me. I'm leading this initiative at Mambu, so more than happy to discuss that one. 
Okay, I think we ask for already ever, so thank you for your time. Please reach out if you want to have more details, so we are available to give more information and to discuss or show different capability of mambu. Yeah, thanks all for joining, looking forward, and looking forward to connect with everyone. 
Yeah. Thank you. Okay, we link you the last questions, Charles. 
We are going to link you with the sales team after the call. Thank you.
